My friends and I had a great meal in this restaurant. We had a six course meal that was well prepared and was a feast for the senses. We were 12 persons and the restaurant booked us in a private room. We had three servers...MoreThis restaurant is a must place to visit when you visit Seoul. They put our family of 3 in a private room for dining, the food was very unique and delicious , We have total of 3 servers, and they are very good , highly...MoreExceeded all of our expectations! The service was great, as expected, as was the food. We came for lunch and had the opportunity to walk around Gangnam before our reservation. Didn't care much for the pretentious neighborhood, but would come again for the great food!Visually pleasing. Food has many different dimensions of taste. Taste explores in your mouth. Menu will change with the season. You can make reservation by dropping them an email. The service staffs communicate with ease in English.Korean Fine dining 價格太貴了. 但是這家餐館卻很昂貴,價值不菲. 一道一道菜真好吃. 最棒啊。 推薦高級韓餐. 如果下次有機會,我一定想再去.Could not believe this is a Michelin stared restaurant, the place is TOTALLY OFF. From the decor, the service to the mediocre food. What a waste of time and money. My friends and I will never be there again!!!Not a single aspect of the restaurant deserves a Michelin 2 stars, from the decor to the service, and most importantly the food, everything was just awfulOne of the best dinner of my life, expensive obviously, but I still remember every single taste. Before going there I had eaten all around Korea and I found in Jungsik a perfect celebration of Korean food in a new way.I have always been fan of fusion, modern twists or creative takes on local cuisines. Everytime I travel to a new country, I make sure I check out a restaurant like that. Among the listing in Seoul, Jungsik really jumped at me with the description....MoreWe had lunch at Jungsik on a weekday afternoon, and opted for the 8 course tasting menu. The service of the staff was very pleasant and they had well noted to exclude cheese from my meal dishes based on the information in our email reservation....MoreService was on point. Despite me being late for an hour, they still held my reservation for me and allowed me a nice table with a sofa.
Amuse bouche was the main star of the show. Showcasing different tastes and textures of food, innovating Korean/Asian...Morewe went to Jungsik for my birthday's wife and it was a good decision
The restaurant in the Gangnam district, modern, minimal, elegant. The service is good even if the food explanations in Korean English were not easy to understand. We took a 5 course...MoreSeoul is not known as a Michelin rated dining mecca (at least not yet), so this restaurant is definitely breaking new grounds. With that said, I will overlook minor complaints and give this place a 5 star rating. We booked via email about 1 month...MoreThe place is not that hard to find, even tho the restaurant sign is a bit small and in black. The restaurant is located in the second floor of the building, elevator is available. Reservation is recommended as there are limited tables and one set...MoreI definitely recommend this restaurant.
Reservation is necessary.
I have experienced new taste and flavour.Had a good dinner at Jungsik. Restaurant is very nice and service was superb with very good English. Unfortunately I could not have the tasting menu as my two teenage daughters could not eat that much so we had the 5 course menu. Food was...MoreI took my fiancé when he visited Korea for the first time. He is not familiar with Asian cuisine and even ingredients. He was satisfied with quality of dishes. In addition, he is allergic to mushroom. I worried about it because I am aware that...MoreGot taken to this restaurant on a business trip so can’t really comment on value. What I can say is the food was very very good. A perfect blend of traditional Korean ingredients served in a modern style. We had the 9 course tasting menu...MoreWe had the 9 course tasting menu in a private dining room, and every aspect of the meal was sensational!I called in the morning to make a reservation, the guy who answered the phone spoke perfect English and said there was availability for the day that I requested (only visiting Korea for one day). He said all I had to do was send an...MoreJungsik has 2 Michelin stars at both branches (one in Seoul, the other in New York). Hadn't been to New York, so thought I would try the Seoul branch which was the original. Overall, the food was creative and interesting, but not as fantastic as...MoreWe visited Jungsik on our (belated) honeymoon and it also happened to be our one year wedding anniversary.
From the minute we sat down we were treated so, so well!
We went for lunch but unfortunately were unable to to have the tasting menu as...MoreThis was one of the best meals I’ve ever had. Modern Korean with very subtle flavors. There were no stand out dishes because everything was a stand out. Quite expensive of course but worth it if you like world quality dining. (The ambiance was a...MoreHad a rich, decadent dinner at Jungsik. So many courses that we lost count. Appetizers were delicious, the octopus was so tender and delicious. The beef and fish were also highlights.We were here to celebrate my mom’s birthday, and Jungsik surely made a superb impression with my mom! We ordered the 5 course menu (so that we can order the sea urchin) and the additional Gimbap. Everything was perfectly executed, well-presented on almost all senses....MoreI tried to book this restaurant for a special occasion - the birthday of my mother - on a Sunday night. Although my initial request by email has been declined (they were allegedly fully booked), the concierge of Four Seasons was able to secure a...MoreWe ordered the 5 course menu with an additional raw tuna. From the scallop, cod fish, Korean beef, uni rice and green tea mousse, every single course is perfectly sauteed and presented. The Koreans are indeed the master of sauces. I have enjoyed myself thoroughly...MoreVisited Jungsik restaurant with my wife Jenny and our daughter for the taste of modern Korean cuisine.
My wife ordered the 4-course while I had the 5-8 ourselves meal.
We love every dishes especially the sea urchin and steak. Every stages of the meal from...MoreFood was amazing! Every course was good , unique. Service was excellent , very attentive ! I think its the best restaurant in seoul !The meal I’ve had high expectations because they have a branch in NYC. A fine dining place that can survive in NYC must be something but I was wrong. This place is just pretty and it stops there.
The food is too pretentious, small portions...Morenothing special, average place in Seul.
particular food, but nothing that you cannot find in other better placesI came here 4 years ago, and was deeply impressed. Came back now, and the food is still excellent, though I found they lost a little of their earlier charm.
The food, and course menu was exceptional, as always. Service is good, just missing some...MoreWhile in Korea, we tried many local food from samgyetang to chimaek. This restaurant was a big eye-opener in its quality and sophisticated presentation. Every dish was art, delicately put together, and DELICIOUS. I loved that every dish had local Korean ingredient. If you are...MoreWe had a good dinner. Food was great. But for a Michelin starred restaurant, service is ordinary with little explanation in the food served, and the private room we were designated was very plain (4empty walls and a table with 4chairs simply that). We sort...MoreWe came here for lunch. Ordered the 5 courses lunch with wine pairing. 2 of us ordered different dishes and almost tried everything that offered in the lunch menu. Everything was so tasty especially the beef tartare. Go for wine pairing to get the best...MoreWe were with 5 persons. Each dish was a flavor explosion. Great balance between contemperary cooking while maintaining their Korean roots. Service is very thoughtfullDinner at Jungsik was amazing.
The amuse bouche was so nice. Each dish was incredible one after the second the. Staff speaks fluent English and very friendly . They made efforts since we had some sexual requirements and Koreans are not so flexible .
It's...MoreI just thought it was weird that the wine pairing option on the 4 and 5 course menus was really just something for us to choose. Understandably, we only chose the 2 wine option, but surely they should give us something based on which course...MoreThe set dishes may appear small but the actual amount is decent, which balance between traditional and contemporary Korean cuisine.The food was lovely, but the service was passable. Absolutely no help with wine pairing and was unimpressed with the attitude of the staff. Was excited to try a starred restaurant in Korea but overall the experience was whelming at best.Overall impression is okay ! Really nothing much to write home about. A good business restaurant in a posh neighbourhood. 2 Stars ! ? I wonder how ??!!We really enjoyed our dinning experience at Jungsik, the quality and artistic of the chefs are great. The only thing was the servers did not seem to be well informed, most of them did not know the dishes and wine pairing well and could not...MoreOur first contemporary Korean cuisine experience. The 2 Michelin-starred restaurant itself is beautiful and elegantly designed, with just the perfect amount of natural sunlight for us photo-philes.
The meal itself is delightful, we especially enjoyed the Gujeopan, Octopus, and Royal Bibimbap (I mean, how can...MoreCame here for lunch and ordered the five (I think) menu. The restaurant interiors are beautiful. We were seated by the window (best seats IMO) and the staff were very helpful and attentive. Loved every course that came out of the kitchen. Would love to...MoreFour of us had the fantastic 8 course tasting experience, and we all loved it. Each dish was beautifully presented and wonderful. Service was excellent. A must-try while in Seoul. You can make a reservation one month in advance. A taxi can be flagged down...MoreFrom the moment we arrived, everyone was so nice and the service was just fantastic. We did the five-course mean and it was absolutely outstanding. So many different dishes and flavors. The steak tartar dish was insane. I would highly recommend a visit.We ordered the 5 course dish option and it was perfectly made. The taste was impeccable, the designs of each plate were beautiful, and the best part of all was the aging duck. The ambience was great and the entire staff spoke English. It was...MoreAfter a two years, we visited Seoul again and this really me and we decided to try somethings good. Then first inspiration comes from the Michelin stars! We booked Jungsik which just got their second star this November. We ordered the tasting signature menu with...MoreI had the 4-course lunch with a recommended glass of rose. It was truly delightful as the culinary journey from the amuse bouche that teased the palate, the gimbap that was out of this world, tenderloin that was simply subtly flavored and cooked to perfection....MoreI had the 4 course lunch set menu which was 60000 wan. Great food and great service, would recommend for anyone who loves food.Brilliant outfit with hardworking, dedicated staff. Awesome service coupled with mouthwatering innovative dishes. Timing was spaced out great and atmosphere awesome for a first date or catch up amongst friendsWe had a delicious elegant meal of contemporary versions of classic Korean dishes. Service was lovely. The room is elegant and quiet.My friends and I ordered the 5 course meal (80,000 won). The food and the service were good except for one disappointment. My friends ordered pan fried fish and it was uncooked on one part. We sent it back to the kitchen and when it...MoreJungsik is one of the best places we have visited in Seoul! The dishes are well crafted and the taste is amazing. There are subtle touches of traditional Korean roots going through the entire several course meal, and presentation, taste, service, and ambiance are all...MoreWent to Jungsik on recomendation from "worlds leading restaurants" as well as tripadvisor. I was not disapointed, they proved to be worth the visit, on all accounts. Very nice wine list, with lots of options (Europe/US). The dishes were nicely combined fusion/Korean/dare i say French...MoreThe only shortcoming is its service, which is not that perfect compared to its food.
Beside that, their food is creative.
French aspired by Korean ingredients, technicand culture.
Food itself is better than a lot of other michelin 2 star restataurants.
Lunch course is prix...MoreReservation is required for this restaurant. I ordered a four-course meal - octopus, sea urchin bibimbap, duck, and cheongdam pie. The octopus was as expected, soft in the inside and crispy on the outside. Sea urchin bibimbap but a subtle taste in the traditional bibimbap,...MoreWe had a great dinner there. Excellent food, great service . Every dish was special and beautifuluy presented. I liked especially the octopus starter and the apple tart. It’s quiet expensive, but excellent for a special occasionRated as one of the 50 best Asian restaurants in the world.
Came here for lunch. Had the 5 course tasting menu that costs around $60 usd. Had an incredible meal with took around 2 1/2 hours. Service was on point.
Tips:
Book reservations close...MoreIt was ok for me the food was great but not the type of food that will make u feel that it’s really delicious and want to go back again
The best they had was the sea urchin riceDifficult to book. Suggest to allow enough time for exchange of emails. Require credit card guarantee. As the booking form arrived after we had left home, we failed to reply within 24 hours. Our reservation was cancelled. We paid a specific visit to the restaurant...MoreExquisite cuisine served amidst a modern & clean setting. It's more worthwhile to go for lunch where I ate the four course lunch menu for 60k won. Some dishes will cost 10-20k won more e.g. Tenderloin. The dishes were elegantly plated and sublime. All features...MoreWe had lunch with friends in this beautiful restaurant. The room was full and they had to refuse a lot of customers who came without booking.
The food is original but not excessively creative .
We really like the desserts , good and surprising
Also...MoreLocation a bit far from usual Seoul shopping belt, across Han river. But taxi ride was fast and cost merely <$10 despite heavy traffic during evening hours.
Restaurant located on 2nd level with bar counter at 1st level. Servers were very friendly and eager to...MoreMy husband and I had a lovely dinner at Jungsik. The food was so beautifully prepared and presented, it was really a culinary experience! Be warned, for a two person dinner and a cheaper bottle of wine, we spent $400 Canadian so it is pricey...MoreI have been wanting to eat at Jungsik for as long as I can remember. It did not disappoint. The decor, ambiance, and, service was all perfect. Not overbearing or fussy.
You had to leave a credit card number to secure a reservation, but that's...MoreSince we have been to Jungshik in NYC, we wanted to check out the Seoul version. Situated in posh Gangnam to match over priced fusion Korean food.
We sat in the private room, which felt more like a hospital waiting room with minimal(almost no decoration)...MoreI was there Aug 2016 for dinner. Fantastic meal through out, great wine, friendly service. The only thing that was a problem for me was the soy marinated lobster, which was a personal thing.... other than that, highly recommend anyone looking for a fine dining...MoreWe had the 5 courses set lunch and left with happy bellies. They offer 3 options in each course but most options required additional cost to the course set so the meal was not exactly a bargain - but I did find the food very...MoreWent here in July and was faced with a simple and delicious menu. The food was very well cooked and presented but if I'm honest, the quality of each dish was slightly worse than the one before.
So the meal started off exceptionally but by...MoreWent there for lunch and everything was innovative, beautifully presented and delicious. I would definitely go there again, maybe to their nyc restaurant which was the first Jungsik to get a michelin star :)
It's a hard choice between the sea urchin and the gimbap...MoreI recently visited Jungsik Seoul as a surprise for my partner's birthday. I can honestly say the experience was fantastic, the restaurant has a beautiful relaxed modern and chic ambience, whilst the serving staff (who from what I could hear were multilingual) were very attentive...MoreMy family and I were visiting Seoul and was recommended to dine at Jungsik. There were 6 of us, we were given a private dining room and not on the main restaurant floor (max 5 persons per table).
The room was sterile and lack the...MoreI try to go to 1 fine dining restaurant any place I visit. It also happened to be a family vacation and there was birthday and father's day to be celebrated. I did quite a bit of reading online ahead of time and decided on...MoreI'm glad I got to try this place - I made a booking via email a week ago. They are very attentive with needs and allergies to the finest detail.
The decor is amazing, service is spot on. They had a lot of menu options,...MoreAfter many times I have tried to make a reservation, finally I got the table.
It's really worth and more than what I expected. From appetizer to dessert are the top.
Highly reccomended if you visit Seoul and make sure make a reservation in advance.Having made the mistake of trying to find our way here by public transport and getting lost we were half an hour late to our table. Luckily we'd phoned ahead to warn them and they were very understanding and our table was kept free for...MoreLovely space with a choice of menus and further choices within the menus. It is expensive but only as you would expect from food and service to this standard.When I requested for a reservation online, a bond was required which reflected the seriousness of getting a table. Thankfully, the restaurant was not hard to find and I was warmly greeted upon my arrival for lunch. The tasting menu was finely executed and each...MoreMy husband and I had dinner at Jungsik Dang in May 2017 while holidaying in Seoul and celebrating my husband’s birthday.
Food-wise, we thought it was nice and interesting to try modern twists of Korean food. Portions were beautiful, as was to be expected, but...MoreI had my reservations changed a couple of times before visiting this place and they reservations team is extremely patient. I visited this place for lunch with a friend after a heavy breakfast......so we went for the four course meal.
LOCATION:
Closest Subway Station: Apgujeong...MoreWell worth the hassle to get here their website is only in Korean. The restaurant on 2nd Floor was fully booked but they have a Bar area on the 1st Floor with Table seating and great service. We got a table there and ordered the...MoreWell worth the hassle to get here their website is only in Korean. The restaurant on 2nd Floor was fully booked but they have a Bar area on the 1st Floor with Table seating and great service. We got a table there and ordered the...MoreTreated ourselves to a fine dining lunch on our last day in Seoul and we were enthralled by the experience. Took a taxi from Apujeong station and remember to standby the exact address in Korean for the driver.
We had reservations and we were the...MoreMy brother and I treated my family of 12 to Jung Sik Dang for lunch. It was a pleasant and elegant meal: good food, professional and friendly service and nice environment.
We ordered the 4/5 course set menu. It was around won 60,000/80,000. To start...MoreI had a horrible meal here. I selected the chef's menu. Most of the courses were mediocre and the entrees were terrible. I ordered my beef medium Rare, and they overcooked one side of it to a hard dry well done. Instead of fixing the...MoreYes it was fine - and there were a couple of real highlights. However it just all seemed a bit too gimmicky and too focussed on on presentation and not flavour. I can really recommend the gim bap rolls which come dipped in a truffle...MoreYung Sik is a delicious restaurant that is doing new spins on old Korean classics. A beautiful intimate third floor room with back lit seats and a dropped ceiling in the middle which makes it feel like you are out in a nighttime modern garden....MoreThe service and presentation of the food is much better than my first visit which was about 1.5 years ago.
Would be better if could extend the Korean alcoholic drinks menu.Look at the menu and see nothing related to korean food or cook in a Korean style. So I decided to order just the 4 course meal to limit my damage and I am totally right that I have make the right choice not to...MoreRestaurant is located in a good neighbourhood in its only 3 storey building south bank of Hang River. We were greeted by a courteous manager at the door. There are 3 choices of dinner menu. We choose the 5 course menu for Won$120,000. The fish...MoreExcellent Modern Korean food. This restaurant well deserve Micheline star. Great service. Very highly recommended.Most of famous Korean restaurants provides very alive atmosphere.
Imagine the Korean BBQ restaurant. Imagine sounds from meats on a grill, bubbling rale from Korean soup and K-pop music. Imagine the smoke from BBQ. It's the stereotyped character of Korean foods in fact. Most loves...MoreI was in Seoul for a few days recently and made a booking at Jungsik having heard about it from latest Asia's top 50 list.
I was not very hungry and so I opted for the 4 course menu. Before the first course arrived, they...MoreWe ordered the tasting menu and almost every dishes were creatively and beautifully presently. And they tasted distinctly flavorful. I have eaten at many traditional good Korean restaurant but never at a modern Korean one. The way the dishes were created with Korean twist was...MoreJungsik provides a Korean dining experience, not just a meal. You shouldn't miss it. Yes, it's somewhat expensive with wine, but it's worth every won. (We had dinner last night at Penfold's Magilll Estate Restaurant in Adelaide. The meal cost twice as much and couldn't...MoreVin, Mrs Merlot, daughter Petite Merlot and son Young Merlot here for dinner to celebrate Mrs Merlot's birthday. This was a memorable dining experience by world standards. Food excellent. Service friendly, attentive, helpful and engaging. We left wine selection in the hands of sommelier Min...MoreI had tasting menu at jungsik!
It was divine! Had a perfect Korean cusine experience. There was no flaw. Food was excellent, service as well. I would love to recommend anyone who wants to try Korean cuisine! Think this is best restaurant in Seoul city.My husband & I visited Jungsik 7 March 2017 and was pleasantly surprised how amazing this restaurant is. We chose the 8 course tasting menu. Yes it is expensive but well worth the experience. Every dish Jungsik delivered to our table was DELICIOUS. This is...MoreIts located off a little quiet alley. relaxing vibes - they literally have big windows so you could overlook the greeneries outside.
food was cooked exceptionally nice. very cool concept.
will be back again!:)
*reservations needed*